hi so since I'm always explaining things
I figured I would give you guys a chance
to every once in a while educate me and
let you explain this is actually a
reboot if you will of a series that was
on the A to Z show where you guys would
respond to a Twitter question and I
would go through some of the best ones
and it might be something that I'll do
here monthly maybe bi-weekly depending
on if you guys really dig it but the
breakdown for this video was everything
I missed in infinity war but I'll let
you explain a few mixed review says this
part which represents the second coming
of Christ and also makes us question the
read I'm already regretting this the
more singing along to rubber band man in
the Guardians intro scene showing how
much he's grown since the first film
honestly that's that's one of the
biggest things that the more that you
notice the little nuances that a team
like the Guardians has the more that
their deaths or their ashing actually
makes a really big difference Black
Panthers saying this is no place to die
and then dying in that place
probably the opening seconds of the
movie no music over the Marvel logo just
a distress call people screaming carnage
from the very start really chilling I
have to say that a lot of people came
into this I remember seeing this movie
and there was a little girl sitting in
front and the movie ended and she
literally started and dad and said what
the heck's your problem I'm a child why
you taking me to this after having to
kill her love and then watch and be
brought back to life then murdered again
Scarlet Witch looks almost relieved to
be dust down she literally saw her boo
died twice the look spider-man gives
when star-lord gives his description of
Thor you know Thor yeah tall guy not
that good-looking
needed saving how when Squidward and the
big dude come to New York on their
doughnut and there is this one take shot
of Tony walking out to the street and
seeing it probably having PTSD of Loki
coming in Avengers and I was like wow
that's a dope shot from the Russos when
Iron Man and Doctor Strange meet each
other for the first time and it's like
looking in the mirror 100% but I'm
choosing Iron Man over Doctor Strange
every day
Tony feeling really embarrassed in front
of the Wizards when Bruce turned out to
be no can you imagine that like you show
up and you think you're this big hotshot
here for the Avengers and then like the
Hulk is suffering from erectile Hulk's
function like that sad Rex
most people will miss him because he's
virtually it's virtually invisible the
ability and black panther sprinting
ahead of the entire army during the
first charge true leadership right there
I have to agree with that Lee look at
these guys anybody else usually got the
king chillin in the back just waiting
for everything to be done this guy's
over here coming in first risin the
original Avengers theme only plays when
an original Avenger enters the scene I
you in caps that side of the shadows
when Thor comes to Wakanda
they don't use a theme for much of
anything else so it reminds the audience
of the first Avengers film that's pretty
dope
[Music]
Dan'l's killing Gomorrah it really sent
to the fact that Daniels isn't a
traditional Marvel villain before he'd
be given the I'm right you're blind
speech we've heard before but in that
moment I truly believed his pain
determination and love I know that the
show kind of sucks but in The Walking
Dead you got this guy right here I'm
already forgetting his name negan vegan
was great in the comics because he comes
in he just lays down the law
I don't know how the adaptation worked
but it's that idea that when you first
see a villain they have to do something
that really stands out and brought
killing his stepdaughter dust it up John
says that star-lord did nothing wrong
proffer it like everyone keeps
forgetting that at the end of guardians
- he did this so for it's like when he
finds out that his father-in-law
technically took it
actually that's the craziest part he
tried punching his father-in-law when
Thor stabbed Standells in the chest and
Thanos dramatically looks over and says
you should have aim for the head
straight up and I was listening to Drake
there was a big long one that was sent
to me that says panels ended a short
battle with cap with a punch to the back
of the head many wondering how cap
recovered in mere seconds from the punch
that even took out the Hulk and the most
logical explanation is he didn't as
Standells used the time stone to bring
vision back the surroundings also
reverted Natasha was no longer trapped
under pillars of stone Bruce was no
longer fused to rock and cap showed no
signs of issue so technically that will
saved Captain America after killing him
I was also sent this about Peter's death
it's foreshadowed at the start of the
alien invasion when we see the hairs on
Peters arm standing up indicating his
spider sense is active thus when Thanos
death spell hits him Peter tells stark
he feels funny which is surely his
spider sense tingling for the final time
before he dies in the arms of his father
figure
[Music]
when the guardians are arriving to
Thor's wreck ship and quill says all
right this might be dangerous so let's
put on our mean faces and mantas makes a
mean face in the background
Bucky's last words being Steve so
technically this man with yo the love
story is real fruit didn't really need
to go to nidavellir but rocket takes him
anyway to keep him close because like
Kuo says that's where Thanos isn't
thereby furthering his father-son
relationship with GRU that's a fact in
fact one of the final ones is this one
right here that completely blew me away
that James Gunn revealed that Groot says
dad to rocket when he fades away makes
me cry every time damn thank you guys
for checking out this video I'm curious
to know your thoughts down below in the
comment section if there's anything I
missed definitely let me know down below
or go follow at the ATC show on Twitter
if you want to see kind of more videos
like this it's not gonna stop all the
other let me explain that we do but I
know a lot of people like to have that
sort of like interaction give you guys a
chance to explain since I'm always doing
the explaining and if you want to be in
a video definitely just go file the A to
Z show and I'll be doing more questions
I actually have one on eighth grade in
the cringe that I've had for a bit
that'll come out but yeah don't forget
to comment like and subscribe and I'll
let you explain